When I became exhausted with the constant Zoom calls,
I created a digital clone of my voice to replace me.
This voice allows me to puppet myself,
using it to say all the things I hadn't previously been able to vocalize.
[Distorted human and synthesized voices.] I play with the phrases we expect from one another, and from machines.
You can say turn off the lights.
You can say wake me up at 7am.
You can say talk to me.
I am captivated by the ways we are taught to interact with algorithms, [Sorry, I didn't get that.]
and how this shapes the way we interact with each other.
What are the rules, what happens when we introduce glitches?
[Sorry, I didn't get that.] I feel a sense of power owning the data of my own voice.
I am taking it back from the tech companies, constantly tapping my conversations,
sampling and analyzing and archiving my speech for future use yet unknown.
Instead, I offer the control of my voice to others.
Upon visiting my website, each visitor is asked by my voice,
“What do you want me to say?”
However they reply, my voice responds by speaking their own words back to them.
Then it asks again, “What do you want me to say?”
[Synthesized voice.] I feel so abhorrent.
I feel so absorbed.
I feel so accepting.
I feel so aching.
I feel so admiring.
You can say "What time is it?"
You can say "What day is it?"
You can say "What am I doing tomorrow?"